>> Speaker 1: Is stroke with a part of
the total width of the rectangle which is
100 or is there more space needed for
the stroke width?
>> Shirley Wu: Man, so
stroke width is essentially a,
I don't have the technical terms for
this but
it's essentially centered so
if you have a hundred pixels.
My guess, because I don't have
confirmation on this, is it will actually
be, if you have a, say,
two pixel stroke width, it should go 102.
Anybody can correct me on this.
And then it actually gets centered around
the rectangle such that
like there's one pixel
that goes into the rectangle and then one
pixel that goes out of that rectangle.
I wanted to do two things, the first is
I realize, so I should actually kind of
console off things with you and
so that you can see how to do it.
>> Shirley Wu: So,
this is basically all you are gonna do.
>> Shirley Wu: And then if you
are much more used to the non ES6,
all you have to do is
>> Shirley Wu: I
think it was height minus d.
>> Shirley Wu: So
if you do the non ES6 function call,
make sure that you are returning
a value every single time,
or else D3 won't know what the value is to
apply to the attribute of that element.
So yeah, so you can be like,
this is what's returning for the y
attribute for each single one of them.
So that's the first thing I
wanted to make sure to do.
So you can console that log like this.
And then the second thing I wanted to
mention is with SVG I think like a lot of
the rendering system,
the coordinate system for X and
Y goes from the top of the screen.
Left to right, it goes zero and
increases for x, and for
y it goes zero and
increases as it goes down the screen.
Which is why you might have noticed,
>> Shirley Wu: That there's something kind
of weird going on here where why I
actually returned height minus the data.
And that is because if I don't do that,
>> Shirley Wu: So
if I just return D,
well first off that happens.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah actually that happens.
>> Speaker 1: You [INAUDIBLE], right?
>> Shirley Wu: Wait,
no, [CROSSTALK] no, no.
Sorry if I don't set the y.
That was the point I was trying to make.
Yeah, thank you very much.
If I don't set the y I'm It will actually
be outside down because it's just
saying okay I go in 0 0 and
then have the height.
And so
if we don't want upside down bar graphs
we have to make to sure
to first do the height.
And then subtract the data from it and
then yeah this is the like
one thing to keep in mind when doing
like rectangles and staff with SVG.
For using likes and actually anything for
the constant system and SVG.